add theme mdx (#312)
allenai/varnish-legacy: demo/src/pages/VarnishApp/page.mdx

---
type: App
title: VarnishApp
cols: 1
iconSrc: ./palette-14px.svg
---

## VarnishApp

Outer most container component for all `Varnish` applications.

### When To Use

> All `Varnish` applications need to be wrapped in a `VarnishApp` in order to get correct theming and
> context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All applications need to be wrapped in a `<VarnishApp>`. This ensures Varnish is setup correctly. If you don't do this your application probably won't compile, or if it does things probably won't work quite right.
```

Reviewer: I'd leave it more general, we might do more :).

Author: done

### Example Usage in a Component

```jsx dark
    import React from 'react';
    import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
    import { VarnishApp } from '@allenai/varnish/components';

    const App = () => (
        <VarnishApp layoutVariant="app">
            <MainApp />
        </VarnishApp>
    );

    // Render
    ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
```

### API

| Property      | Description                                                   | Type               | Default   |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------- |

> | layoutVariant | Defines if the header and footer are left or center justified | 'app' \| 'hcenter' | 'hcenter' |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| layoutVariant | Changes the top level layout, which right now only impacts the horizontal alignment of your application. | 'app' \| 'hcenter' | 'hcenter' |
```

Author: done
